Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men.
He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it.
Where do baby cows go to eat lunch? At the calf-eteria.
What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
Mom: "Do you want this?" Me: "No." Mom: "Ok I'll give it to your brother." Me: "No I want it."
Before I destroy a wasp's nest I like to capture a single wasp and tell it my entire diabolical plan.
INTERVIEWER: Why do you want to work here? ME: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* Oh, I don't. I was just walking by and saw you had donuts.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. I have a gun. Get in the van.
With Facebook, you can stay in touch with people you would otherwise never talk to, but that's only one of the many awful things about it.
I was drinking at the bar, so I took a bus home. That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before!
My sex face is the same as my first pee in three hours face.
I don't judge people based on color, race, religion, sexuality, or gender...I base it on whether or not they're a people.
Not to get too technical, but chemistry says alcohol IS a solution. So I win.
I often think if I'd taken a different path in life, I could be lying on a slightly more comfortable sofa right now.
"You know what, we need a huge spoon to take care of this" -Guy who invented shovels.
This may be not be a mainstream opinion, but I don't believe you should cut down a Christmas tree unless you intend on eating it.
This doctor once told me eating a bagel was like eating 5 slices of bread and I was like ok, cool, I like bread.
What did your computer and phone say to each other? Nothing, they can't talk.
Q: What's the difference between a man and a supermarket trolley? A: The supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
When I hear "This call is being monitored for quality assurance" I think "Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."
Lookin for a quick and easy way to beef up that lazy body? Float dead in a lake.
If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"Help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time.
It's comforting to know that the US government works the same way as a college student when it comes to deadlines... They both wait until the last minute, then get an extension.
There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them both.
I'd give these pigeons some bread but they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
Everytime you pull the trigger a bullet loses its job...HAHAHAHA! Because it gets FIRED. HAHAHA! *I'm in tears*
My dog can predict when an earthquake is going to happen. But television doorbell versus actual doorbell baffles him every time.
My favorite knock knock joke. I need someone to start it ... Someone start the knock knock joke ...
My Parents asked me what i wanted for christmas... I said i want something to wear and something to play with. So they got me a pair of pants with the pockets cut out.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
Breaking Bad is my favorite documentary about what it takes to be an entrepreneur while balancing family life.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
My house is really small until I can't find my phone.
[Justice League HQ] SUPERMAN: Looks like Batman is hungry tonight MOTHMAN: [visibly sweating] I think I'll just fight daytime crimes
What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.
Kids are like farts. You don't mind your own, but others peoples are just unbearable.
What is the best advice to give a worm?  Sleep late.
If I was antisocial I wouldn't have just ordered a pizza over the phone.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
If you pour two beers in one glass, it's just one beer.
How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress? They have a lot of patients.
I wonder if dog's had facebook, would they put our picture as their profile picture.
My Grandfather had the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
I farted in the Apple store and everyone got pissed at me. Not my fault they don't have Windows.
I love raccoons. Part cat. Part dog. Part rodent. Part bear. Little people hands. What's not to like?
What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like? a baaahhhd movie.
Two fish are in a tank... One is driving, and the other is manning the guns.
My mom recently bought a Jesus shaped flashlight When I asked her why she said: So whenever someone says "I can't see" I can be like "here, let Jesus light the path"
Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
有一天牙籤A跟牙籤B在馬路上相遇，突然一隻刺蝟快速的經過，牙籤A就對牙籤B說 :乾，我的公車過了...
醫生問小明：如果把你一邊耳朵割掉你會怎麼樣？小明：我會聽不見。醫生又問：那再割掉另一個耳朵呢？小明：我會看不見。醫生問他為什麼...小明：因為我有戴眼鏡
有一天小明去圖書館，小明：我要一碗牛肉麵。櫃檯：先生 這裡是圖書館 . . .小明：喔喔好 （氣音）我要一碗牛肉麵
有一天 有一隻深海魚，在海裡自由自在得游啊游 但他一點也不開心。為什麼?因為他壓力好大
哈利波特裡面誰最有主見？佛地魔，因為他不會被牽著鼻子走
有一天 父親拿了一跟筷子給兒子要他折斷，兒子一折就斷了。兒子說 「這很容易辦到。」接著父親拿出三隻筷子給兒子要他折斷，兒子一折就斷了 「這很容易辦到。」接著父親拿出三十隻筷子給兒子要他折斷，兒子還是一折就斷了。「爸，你到底要幹嘛？」「沒事。」
有一天小明他爸很渴 就叫小明幫他倒水 但小明遲遲沒去倒 小明爸就說：「你是要逼爸渴死嗎？」於是小明就開始B Box了
有一天張飛和關羽快樂的在草地上騎馬，關羽卻不知道他前方是懸崖。張飛就對關羽大叫 : 「你快勒馬 ! 」關羽回頭就對張飛說 : 「我很快樂 ! 」於是關羽就掉下崖了....
桃園三結義那天，張飛很滿意自己寫的字，轉頭對關羽說：「我字好醜」於是關羽對張飛說：「好醜你好，我字雲長」
為什麼兩隻螞蟻在沙灘上行進沒有足跡？因為他們騎腳踏車。為什麼小明沒有開冰箱就知道冰箱裡有螞蟻？因為冰箱外停著螞蟻的腳踏車。
我走在路上遇到一隻兇殘的大烏龜把我攔了下來，我就說：要多少錢都可以拜託饒我一命!結果你知道那隻烏龜說了什麼嗎?「傑尼傑尼」
有一天軟糖難過的哭了，然後他就變成QQ軟糖了。
為什麼小智去看車時，業務會被電死？業務 : 請問您的預算和廠牌?小智 : 10萬，福特 !
面試官 : 如果把自己比喻為一種動物，你會是哪一種?小明 : 鸚鵡。面試官 : 喔? 為什麼是鸚鵡呢?小明 : 喔? 為什麼是鸚鵡呢?面試官 : ......
一條褲子可以穿20年，猜一地名 (日本)A : 神奈川
问：真么人最容易被绑架？答 : 模範生，因為他們都是好綁樣
“如果你能猜到硬币在哪只手里，我就帮你实现三个愿望。”千手观音对我说。
某人养一狗，烦，弃之，然狗知归路，数弃无功。一日，其驾车转了很多弯弃狗，深夜致电家人，问：“狗归否？”答曰：“已归！”其怒吼：“让它接电话，老子迷路了！
校长说：校服上除了校徽别别别的，让你们别别别的别别别的你非得别别的！
一想到有钱如马云，吃麻辣小龙虾也得剥虾壳，心里顿时平衡了许多。
“反正”这个词不管用在哪都是满满的负面能量消极态度，不知道你们喜不喜欢用，反正我是不用了。
养鱼其实很简单，记住1.3.5.7就行了。一天喂一次食，三天换一次水，五天洗一次缸，七天换一批鱼。
放肆地吃只能给你带来短暂的快乐，而长时间的节食减肥可以给你带来长久的烦恼、焦躁和不爽。
仔细想想地球的环境也不是完全适合人类居住的，空调和暖气发明也不过100来年的历史，要是没有这些，我肯定死了。
大家知道为什么少林寺一直是古代武林第一大派吗？因为光头强。
我每天都在思考一个问题：要怎样才能把我脑子里的钱转到银行账户里。
夏天吃火锅=汗蒸=排毒=养生=健康。
说不定睡觉才是人类的真正活动状态，而我们清醒的时侯只是为了收集作梦用的素材。
人的皮到底是真皮还是人造革呢？
忘记带手机去上厕所，一切身边的事物都变得有趣了起来。
外卖小哥来了，帮我修改了四处错误，优化了两个算法，整理了数据库表关系，临走前对我说：好好干，以后跟我一起送外卖。
即将交稿的剧本死活凑不够字数，我果断地将男二号改成结巴。
冷知识共享：自己用手打自己屁股，手更疼，屁股没啥感觉。
生活小常识：把菠萝切小块，半杯雪碧，放进料理机里搅成一大杯，稍微冰一下，夏天热的时候喝，能胃疼，疼一宿。
洒水车洒一车水成本200元，大概弄脏4000-5000辆小汽车，大概3000辆车选择洗车，洗车费30就是近10万，也就是说200可以拉动近10万GDP。这就是现在所谓的金融杠杆！
今天去买土豆，我问老板：老板，这是哪里的土豆？老板：你不管是哪里的土豆，只要买回家，就是你家的土豆。